@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c @node info68
@c @chapter info68

@center info68 - Get and format information from sc68 files.

@section Usage

@display
info68 [option ... ] sc68-file [ command ...] 
@end display

@section Options

@table @asis
 @item ---help
 Display this message and exit.
 @item ---version
 @itemx ---build
 Display build date and exit.
 @item --o file
 @itemx ---output file
 Change output to file (- is stdout).
@end table

@section Commands

All COMMANDS excepted TRACK-LIST display something. Unkwown commands are skipped with a warning.

@subsection Disk commands

These commands display disk information.

@multitable @columnfractions .1 .9
  @item -# @tab Number of tracks.
  @item -? @tab Default track.
  @item -n @tab Disk name.
  @item -a @tab Default track author name.
  @item -c @tab Default track composer name.
  @item -T @tab Disk time in sec.
  @item -Y @tab Formated disk time. Format "TT MM:SS".
  @item -H @tab All tracks ORed hardware flags (see -h).
@end multitable

@subsection Track-list command

This command is a kind of loop.

@table @asis
  @item -DIGIT[[,DIGIT]|[-DIGIT]]
track-list executes following track-commands for all listed tracks until another track-list is encountered or end of command line.

Track are base 1 numbered. 0 is substituted to the number of tracks.

e.g: @samp{-1,5,[4-6]} works with tracks 1,5,4,5 and 6 in this order.
@end table

@subsection Track commands

Following commands are applied to current track.

@multitable @columnfractions .1 .9
  @item -% @tab Track number.
  @item -n @tab Track name.
  @item -a @tab Author name.
  @item -c @tab Composer name.
  @item -r @tab Replay name.
  @item -t @tab Time in sec.
  @item -y @tab Formated "TT MM:SS" time.
  @item -f @tab Replay frequency.
  @item -@@ @tab Load address.
  @item -h @tab Hardware flags [YSA] uppercase means activated.
                Y:YM-2149 S:STE A:Amiga
@end multitable

@subsection Misc commands

@multitable {xxxxxxxxx} {Display a newline character}
  @item -L        @tab Display a newline character.
  @item ---STRING @tab Display "-STRING".
  @item STRING    @tab Display "STRING".
@end multitable

