@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c @node Install
@c @chapter Install

@c --- Install menu ---

@menu
* Install source distrib::  Compile and install sc68.
* User install::            Install sc68 resource files for a user.
@end menu


@c --- Install sourcedistribution ---

@node Install source distrib, User install, Install, Install
@section Installing from the source distribution

If you have is info file in your system, you have probably already installed sc68. Anyway here are the installation procedure.

Go the the directory containing the distribution. You should find an @file{INSTALL} file which contains a more detailled installation instructions.

@enumerate
@item @command{cd} to the directory containing the package's source code.

@item Type @command{sh ./configure} to configure the package for your system. Running @command{configure} takes awhile.  While running, it prints some messages telling which features it is checking for.

@item Type @command{make} to compile the package.

@item Make sure you have enougth permission to perform next step. You probably need to be root. Type @command{su} and enter root password. 

@item Type @command{make install} to install the programs and any data files and documentation.

@item Optionnally type @command{exit} to exit root shell.

@item You can remove the program binaries and object files from the
source code directory by typing @command{make clean}.  To also remove the 
files that @command{configure} created (so you can compile the package for
a different kind of computer), type @command{make distclean}.  There is   
also a @command{make maintainer-clean} target, but that is intended mainly
for the package's developers.  If you use it, you may have to get 
all sorts of other programs in order to regenerate files that came
with the distribution.

@item Optionnaly install sc68 resource files for each user.

@xref{User install}.

@end enumerate

@c --- User install documentaion ---

@node User install,  , Install source distrib, Install
@section User install

Since version 2.0.0 sc68 does not need any particular user installation to work properly. @xref{Resource files}.

Anyway user should at least create the .sc68 directory in its home path.

@center @command{mkdir $HOME/.sc68}


The configuration file location has changed. Most config variables are now obsolete. As these varaibles are skipped you can safely copy your old configuration files to the new location and remove the old ones.

@center @command{cp $HOME/.sc68/Config/*.txt $HOME/.sc68 && rm -rf $HOME/.sc68/Config}
