@c -*-texinfo-*-

@center sourcer68 - Mc68000 disassembler

@section Usage
@display
sourcer68 [options] <input>
@end display


@section Description

sourcer68 is a 68000 disassambler. Input file can be either BINARY, TOS program (Atari .prg .tos ...) or SC68 file. The dissassembler starts a disassemble pass at the beginning of the input depending on its type.

@table @asis
@item BINARY
      entry is offset +0.
@item TOS
      entry is the program entry point. By default TOS program are relocated.
@item SC68
      3 entries are offset +0 +4 and +8 corresponding to sc68 replay convention.

      External replay is loaded if needed. Specify replay-path with --replay= or with environment varaiable.
@end table


@subsection Disassemble pass

            A disassemble pass starts at an ENTRY point. The disassembler will try to follow program branchs. It should add every needed symbols. There is a heuristic to try to find jump tables (sequential branch instruction).

 
@section Options

@table @asis
@item --help                    Display this message and exit.
@item --reloc=[yes|no|auto]     TOS relocation (default:auto).
@item --replay=PATH             Force replay path.
@item --entry=[ENTRY-LIST]      Set disassembly entry points.
@item --tab=[STRING]            Set tabulation string.
@end table


@subsection ENTRY-LIST

   ENTRY-LIST := ENTRY[,ENTRY...]

   An ENTRY-LIST is an ordered coma (',') separated list of ENTRY points which define disassembler start points.


@subsection ENTRY

   ENTRY := [l][+]integer

@table @asis
@item l
      Get long at the effective address (indirection). l options could by use more than once. (eg. @samp{ll0x440}).
@item +
      Effective address is file start + integer.
@item integer
      Number ("C" format: 0x for hexa, 0 for octal)
@end table


@section Resource files

For information, see @ref{Resource files}.
