@c -*-texinfo-*-

@section Introduction

Resource files are necessar data files for sc68 to work properly. They are organized by directories inside the sc68 resources path.

There is a site wide resource path (@strong{shared resources}) that contains default package resource files.

Users can have their own resource files (@strong{user resources}).

@anchor{Resource location}
@section Location

@subsection Shared resources

Shared resource location depends on configuration and installation options. This package seems to have been installed at @file{@value{DATADIR}} location.

The @env{SC68_DATA} variable overrides the default @strong{shared resource} path.

@subsection User resources

Default @strong{user resources} location is @file{$HOME/.sc68}

The @env{SC68_HOME} variable overrides the default @strong{user resources} path.
@strong{user resources} are prior to @strong{shared resources}. When sc68 tries to load a resource file it will first try the @strong{user resources} path and fallback to @strong{shared resources} one in failure case.

Resource files to be written (as the configuration file @xref{Config file}.) will only be saved in the @strong{user resources} path. This path must be a valid @strong{existing} directory with proper access right.

@section Resource types

sc68 resource are organized in different types. Each resource file is located in a directory depending on its type. The base directory can be either @strong{shared resources} path or @strong{user resources} path. In the table below it will be noted @file{$(BASE)}.

@multitable {xxxxxx} {xxxxxxxxxxxxxx} {xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx}
@c @item NAME @tab TYPE @tab DESCRIPTION
@item @strong{Type} @tab @strong{Location} @tab @strong{Description}
@item config
@tab $(BASE)
@tab Configuration file (default is config.txt). @xref{Config file}.
@item replay
@tab $(BASE)/Replay
@tab Music player used by some sc68 files.
@item sample
@tab $(BASE)/Sample
@tab sc68 music file samples.
@item dll
@tab $(BASE)/Dll
@tab Extra DLLs (Windows version only).
@end multitable

@anchor{Config file}
@subsection Configuration file

sc68 configuration is a plain text file. Its default location is @file{$HOME/.sc68/Config/config.txt} or @file{@value{DATADIR}/config.txt}. More details, @xref{Resource location}.

If it does not exist sc68 file should create a default configuration file in the @strong{user resources} path.

Configuration file is a line oriented file. Lines beginning by a hash (#) character are considered as comment. Spaces at the beginning of line are skipped. Spaces around the equal (=) character are optionnal.

Valid lines have the following format:
@display
NAME = VALUE COMMENTS
@end display

@table @samp
@item NAME
      Variable name. It must begin by a letter and contain only alphanumeric character or underscore (_).
@item VALUE
      Variable value. It is a number stored in ``C'' format. Use @samp{0x} prefix for hexadecimal value and @samp{0} as octal prefix.
@item COMMENTS
      Any comments.
@end table

When sc68 saves the configuration, it adds the following COMMENTS:

@display
NAME = VALUE [MIN..MAX] (DEFAULT) DESCRIPTION
@end display

@subsubsection Config variables

Here is the list of currently used config variables.

@table @strong
@item version
      sc68 version number. Should not be change.
@item amiga_blend
      Amiga left/right channel blending factor. 0:Amiga original(no blending), 32768:mono, 65536:swap L/R.
@item force_track
      Choose default track when a new disk is loaded. 0:use disk default
@item skip_time
      Skip playing music with a duration less than this value. Useful to skip some SFX track in some sc68 files.
@item total_time
      Count the number of seconds of sc68 music played so far. Should not be change.
@end table

