\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c --- Header ---

@setfilename sc68.info
@settitle sc68 documentation	@c appear page in header
@dircategory Sound
@direntry
* sc68: (sc68).                 Atari ST and Amiga music player
@end direntry
@c --- End of Header ---

@include version.texi
@include sc68_status.texi
@setchapternewpage odd
@headings double
@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@iftex
@parindent = 8pt
@end iftex

@c --- Title page ---

@titlepage
@sp 3
@title{sc68 documentation}
@subtitle version @value{VERSION}, last updated the @value{UPDATED}
@author Benjamin Gerard

@c --- Copyright page ---

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2001-2003 Benjamin Gerard
@end titlepage

@c --- Top menu ---

@node Top, Overview, (dir), (dir)
@menu
* Overview::                    About sc68 project.
* Install::                     Install documentation.
* sc68::                        sc68 command line player documentation.
* info68::                      sc68 file information program.
* debug68::                     sc68 file creation and debug program.
* as68::                        68000 assembler program.
* sourcer68::                   68000 sourcer (disassembler) program.
* unice68::                     ICE depacker program.
* Resource files::              sc68 resource files.
@end menu

@c --- Overview ---

@node Overview, Install, Top, Top
@chapter Overview
@include sc68_overview.texi

@c --- Install ---

@node Install, sc68, Overview, Top
@chapter Install
@include sc68_install.texi

@c --- sc68 command line player documentation ---

@node sc68, info68, Install, Top
@chapter sc68
@include sc68_player.texi

@c --- info68 documentation ---

@node info68, debug68, sc68, Top
@chapter info68
@include sc68_info68.texi

@c --- debug68 ---

@node debug68, as68, info68, Top
@chapter debug68
@include sc68_debug68.texi

@c --- as68 ---

@node as68, sourcer68, debug68, Top
@chapter as68
@include sc68_as68.texi

@c --- sourcer68 ---

@node sourcer68, unice68, as68, Top
@chapter sourcer68
@include sc68_sourcer68.texi

@c --- unice68 ---

@node unice68, Resource files, sourcer68, Top
@chapter unice68
@include sc68_unice68.texi

@c --- resource file ---

@node Resource files,  , unice68, Top
@chapter Resource files
@include sc68_configfile.texi

@c --- Footer section ---

@contents
@bye
