.TH "info68" 1 "29 Aug 2003" "sc68-tools-manual" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
info68 \- Get and format information from sc68 files.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
Copyright (C) 2001-2003 Benjamin Gerard <ben@sashipa.com>
.PP
This program is free software.
.SH "DATE"
.PP
2001
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
info68 [option ...] <file.sc68> [command ...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
info68 is a program to display information on an sc68 file in a free format.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
General options.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB--help\fP Display this message and exit. 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB--version\fP Display build date and exit. 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB--build\fP As --version. 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-o\fP file Change output to file (- is stdout) 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB--output\fP file As -o.
.PP
.SH "COMMANDS"
.PP
All COMMANDS excepted TRACK-LIST display something. Unkwown commands are skipped with a warning.
.SS "DISK-COMMANDS"
These commands display disk information.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-#\fP Number of tracks 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-\fP? Default track 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-N\fP Disk name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-A\fP Default track author name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-C\fP Default track composer name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-T\fP Disk time in sec 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-Y\fP Formated disk time. Format 'TT MM:SS' 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-H\fP All tracks ORed hardware flags (see -h)
.PP
.SS "TRACK-LIST"
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-DIGIT\fP[[,DIGIT]|[-DIGIT]] track-list executes following track-commands for all listed tracks until another track-list is encountered or end of command line.
.PP
Track are base 1 numbered. 0 is substituted to the number of tracks. This command is a kind of loop.
.PP
\fIe.g\fP: '-1,5,[4-6]' works with tracks 1,5,4,5 and 6 in this order.
.SS "TRACK-COMMANDS"
Following commands are applied to current track.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-%\fP Track number 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-n\fP Track name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-a\fP Author name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-c\fP Composer name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-r\fP Replay name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-t\fP Time in sec 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-y\fP Formated time. Format 'TT MM:SS' 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-f\fP Replay frequency 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-@\fP Load address 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-h\fP Hardware flags [YSA] uppercase means activated. Y:YM-2149 S:STE A:Amiga
.PP
.SS "MISC-COMMANDS"
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB-L\fP Display a newline character 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fB--STRING\fP Display '-STRING' 
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBSTRING\fP Display 'STRING'
.PP
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
None has been reported. Report to \fIbug@sashipa.com\fP.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIas68\fP, \fIdebug68\fP, \fIinfo68\fP, \fIsc68\fP, \fIsourcer68\fP, \fIunice68\fP 
